salutations whiskey beans whiskey lung
here we're going to be talking a little
bit about phantom password and we found
a couple of Easter eggs here of course
there's the mini mech and listen to the
noises it makes so it has that and has
the developers names etched underneath
of the of the Mac I thought that was
pretty cool but it doesn't seem to you
know lead up to the Phaeton password
whatsoever it's just kind of a cool
little easter egg that they added in for
us and we also have and it should be
coming up shortly we also have the snow
Godzilla on hammerhead and that's pretty
cool I don't know if it'll lose santa
thing it's he's in a makeshift city and
the city could be kind of plotted
towards a map that's what i was thinking
initially but again I think it's just
just kind of an easter egg so it's just
kind of something cool the defeat
developers decided to add to the game
but a lot of people are subscribed to
the graffiti on
can't take the name whiteout hangar 21
right here you should see it here and so
there's there's a little bit of graffiti
on this Titan inside of the hangar this
is a Titan ship if a lot of people don't
realize that and there's graffiti on it
and there's usually lines and then
arrows and dots as well they're actually
it's scattered throughout like all over
the ship so there's a bunch of places
there's places that you know people
might not even have found at this point
it's literally like all over this the
ship it's even in the cockpit or the
main hold of the ship and don't know
what it could mean if you guys have any
idea what this stuff could mean get back
at me just you know leave a comment in
the comment section really interested to
hear what you guys think could be
nothing yet on how they like to kind of
just add a bunch of crap this week I
mean it's all over the textures so it
could just be the texture of the of the
ship I had no idea but let me know in
the comments let me know what you guys
think and I'll try to put up another
video sooner than later so thanks for
watching please subscribe if you're not
already a whiskey fein like the video if
if you did in fact like the video it
helps me a lot with search results and
as always I'll see you in those comments
you
Oh